You probably will see a lot of open-source code in Python for image processing.  yt7t7uygtryyrrt5y
But we are focus on the approximate FFT, in this case,
 as the kernel of blur detection. Let the rest of program do the other functions. 
 
It is very easy to embed C++ code as function for Python program, 
as many low-level libraries of Python is written in C/C++. 
So don't worry if the main body of the blur detection is Python 
or any other languages, it definitely can be interfaced with developed
 C++ functions. 

You might find the paper about blur detection useful. 
Image partial blur detection and classification | IEEE Conference Publication 
| IEEE Xplore
And there is some principle about the FFT in image processing. 
Image Transforms - Fourier Transform (ed.ac.uk)

There are some open-source codes on GitHub or some blogs about blur detection 
using FFT. You could also check it out and discuss with me later which 
one would be more suitable for the project later on. 

Here is some detail about the project "Approximate FFT based Image Blur Detection" 
you picked, which could help you to submit the project description. 
The keywords of this project are Approximate Computing (AC), Fast Fourier Transform 
(FFT), and Image Blur Detection (IBD). 
In terms of AC, we are focus on approximate arithmetic based reduced precision
method, e.g. from double precision to single precision. But we are going to 
explore more flexibility beyond that.  
In terms of FFT,  we are focus on arbitrary length FFT based on Bluestein's method. 
In terms of IBD, it is about FFT based detection hence no neural network or 
other component. 
Overall, we are going to investigate the potential acceleration of FFT based on 
AC for IBD. 
For the project description, you are expected to do some initial literature 
review of above techniques, and you could refer to mine as follow (please don't
just copy it):
"



Approximate Image Blur Detection based on FFT 
Image quality is a very important metric for many image processing and computer 
vision applications, such as object detection, classification, and tracking, 
etc.., while the blur detection is one of the techniques to before 
justifying/classifying the image quality. In this project, students are going to 
explore the Image Blur Detection (IBD) based on Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) 
algorithm, specially an approximate version of FFT, so as to improve the 
efficiency of existing IBD algorithm in terms of speed, memory footprint, 
power or energy, etc.. Potentially reduced precision, artificial neural network 
(ANN), or other approaches could be considered to approximate existing FFT 
algorithm.  

From this project, depending on the chosen approximation approach, student
would expect to learn C/C++ and python hybrid programming, concept of approximate 
computing, image blur detection, and approximate arithmetic.  
Students are also expected to gain capability of developing the software framework
for approximate IBD and demonstrate the outcome compared to its original version."

I think overall you had a good project description. You could use those comments 
to improve your report at some point. 
From now, I think you could consider starting project development. 
Just let you be aware of these two repositories for blur detection using FFT:
whdcumt/BlurDetection: A Python-Based Blur Detector using Fast Fourier 
Transforms (github.com)
Qengineering/Blur-detection-with-FFT-in-C: A blur detection with FFT written 
in C (github.com) 
